door 0 is open after 1 door flips
door 1 is open after 1 door flips
door 2 is closed after 2 door flips
door 3 is closed after 2 door flips
door 4 is open after 3 door flips
door 5 is closed after 2 door flips
door 6 is closed after 4 door flips
door 7 is closed after 2 door flips
door 8 is closed after 4 door flips
door 9 is open after 3 door flips
door 10 is closed after 4 door flips
door 11 is closed after 2 door flips
door 12 is closed after 6 door flips
door 13 is closed after 2 door flips
door 14 is closed after 4 door flips
door 15 is closed after 4 door flips
door 16 is open after 5 door flips
door 17 is closed after 2 door flips
door 18 is closed after 6 door flips
door 19 is closed after 2 door flips
door 20 is closed after 6 door flips
door 21 is closed after 4 door flips
door 22 is closed after 4 door flips
door 23 is closed after 2 door flips
door 24 is closed after 8 door flips
door 25 is open after 3 door flips
door 26 is closed after 4 door flips
door 27 is closed after 4 door flips
door 28 is closed after 6 door flips
door 29 is closed after 2 door flips
door 30 is closed after 8 door flips
door 31 is closed after 2 door flips
door 32 is closed after 6 door flips
door 33 is closed after 4 door flips
door 34 is closed after 4 door flips
door 35 is closed after 4 door flips
door 36 is open after 9 door flips
door 37 is closed after 2 door flips
door 38 is closed after 4 door flips
door 39 is closed after 4 door flips
door 40 is closed after 8 door flips
door 41 is closed after 2 door flips
door 42 is closed after 8 door flips
door 43 is closed after 2 door flips
door 44 is closed after 6 door flips
door 45 is closed after 6 door flips
door 46 is closed after 4 door flips
door 47 is closed after 2 door flips
door 48 is closed after 10 door flips
door 49 is open after 3 door flips
door 50 is closed after 6 door flips
door 51 is closed after 4 door flips
door 52 is closed after 6 door flips
door 53 is closed after 2 door flips
door 54 is closed after 8 door flips
door 55 is closed after 4 door flips
door 56 is closed after 8 door flips
door 57 is closed after 4 door flips
door 58 is closed after 4 door flips
door 59 is closed after 2 door flips
door 60 is closed after 12 door flips
door 61 is closed after 2 door flips
door 62 is closed after 4 door flips
door 63 is closed after 6 door flips
door 64 is open after 7 door flips
door 65 is closed after 4 door flips
door 66 is closed after 8 door flips
door 67 is closed after 2 door flips
door 68 is closed after 6 door flips
door 69 is closed after 4 door flips
door 70 is closed after 8 door flips
door 71 is closed after 2 door flips
door 72 is closed after 12 door flips
door 73 is closed after 2 door flips
door 74 is closed after 4 door flips
door 75 is closed after 6 door flips
door 76 is closed after 6 door flips
door 77 is closed after 4 door flips
door 78 is closed after 8 door flips
door 79 is closed after 2 door flips
door 80 is closed after 10 door flips
door 81 is open after 5 door flips
door 82 is closed after 4 door flips
door 83 is closed after 2 door flips
door 84 is closed after 12 door flips
door 85 is closed after 4 door flips
door 86 is closed after 4 door flips
door 87 is closed after 4 door flips
door 88 is closed after 8 door flips
door 89 is closed after 2 door flips
door 90 is closed after 12 door flips
door 91 is closed after 4 door flips
door 92 is closed after 6 door flips
door 93 is closed after 4 door flips
door 94 is closed after 4 door flips
door 95 is closed after 4 door flips
door 96 is closed after 12 door flips
door 97 is closed after 2 door flips
door 98 is closed after 6 door flips
door 99 is closed after 6 door flips
door 100 is open after 9 door flips
door 101 is closed after 2 door flips
door 102 is closed after 8 door flips
door 103 is closed after 2 door flips
door 104 is closed after 8 door flips
door 105 is closed after 8 door flips
door 106 is closed after 4 door flips
door 107 is closed after 2 door flips
door 108 is closed after 12 door flips
door 109 is closed after 2 door flips
door 110 is closed after 8 door flips
door 111 is closed after 4 door flips
door 112 is closed after 10 door flips
door 113 is closed after 2 door flips
door 114 is closed after 8 door flips
door 115 is closed after 4 door flips
door 116 is closed after 6 door flips
door 117 is closed after 6 door flips
door 118 is closed after 4 door flips
door 119 is closed after 4 door flips
door 120 is closed after 16 door flips
door 121 is open after 3 door flips
door 122 is closed after 4 door flips
door 123 is closed after 4 door flips
door 124 is closed after 6 door flips
door 125 is closed after 4 door flips
door 126 is closed after 12 door flips
door 127 is closed after 2 door flips
door 128 is closed after 8 door flips
door 129 is closed after 4 door flips
door 130 is closed after 8 door flips
door 131 is closed after 2 door flips
door 132 is closed after 12 door flips
door 133 is closed after 4 door flips
door 134 is closed after 4 door flips
door 135 is closed after 8 door flips
door 136 is closed after 8 door flips
door 137 is closed after 2 door flips
door 138 is closed after 8 door flips
door 139 is closed after 2 door flips
door 140 is closed after 12 door flips
door 141 is closed after 4 door flips
door 142 is closed after 4 door flips
door 143 is closed after 4 door flips
door 144 is open after 15 door flips
door 145 is closed after 4 door flips
door 146 is closed after 4 door flips
door 147 is closed after 6 door flips
door 148 is closed after 6 door flips
door 149 is closed after 2 door flips
door 150 is closed after 12 door flips
door 151 is closed after 2 door flips
door 152 is closed after 8 door flips
door 153 is closed after 6 door flips
door 154 is closed after 8 door flips
door 155 is closed after 4 door flips
door 156 is closed after 12 door flips
door 157 is closed after 2 door flips
door 158 is closed after 4 door flips
door 159 is closed after 4 door flips
door 160 is closed after 12 door flips
door 161 is closed after 4 door flips
door 162 is closed after 10 door flips
door 163 is closed after 2 door flips
door 164 is closed after 6 door flips
door 165 is closed after 8 door flips
door 166 is closed after 4 door flips
door 167 is closed after 2 door flips
door 168 is closed after 16 door flips
door 169 is open after 3 door flips
door 170 is closed after 8 door flips
door 171 is closed after 6 door flips
door 172 is closed after 6 door flips
door 173 is closed after 2 door flips
door 174 is closed after 8 door flips
door 175 is closed after 6 door flips
door 176 is closed after 10 door flips
door 177 is closed after 4 door flips
door 178 is closed after 4 door flips
door 179 is closed after 2 door flips
door 180 is closed after 18 door flips
door 181 is closed after 2 door flips
door 182 is closed after 8 door flips
door 183 is closed after 4 door flips
door 184 is closed after 8 door flips
door 185 is closed after 4 door flips
door 186 is closed after 8 door flips
door 187 is closed after 4 door flips
door 188 is closed after 6 door flips
door 189 is closed after 8 door flips
door 190 is closed after 8 door flips
door 191 is closed after 2 door flips
door 192 is closed after 14 door flips
door 193 is closed after 2 door flips
door 194 is closed after 4 door flips
door 195 is closed after 8 door flips
door 196 is open after 9 door flips
door 197 is closed after 2 door flips
door 198 is closed after 12 door flips
door 199 is closed after 2 door flips
door 200 is closed after 12 door flips
door 201 is closed after 4 door flips
door 202 is closed after 4 door flips
door 203 is closed after 4 door flips
door 204 is closed after 12 door flips
door 205 is closed after 4 door flips
door 206 is closed after 4 door flips
door 207 is closed after 6 door flips
door 208 is closed after 10 door flips
door 209 is closed after 4 door flips
door 210 is closed after 16 door flips
door 211 is closed after 2 door flips
door 212 is closed after 6 door flips
door 213 is closed after 4 door flips
door 214 is closed after 4 door flips
door 215 is closed after 4 door flips
door 216 is closed after 16 door flips
door 217 is closed after 4 door flips
door 218 is closed after 4 door flips
door 219 is closed after 4 door flips
door 220 is closed after 12 door flips
door 221 is closed after 4 door flips
door 222 is closed after 8 door flips
door 223 is closed after 2 door flips
door 224 is closed after 12 door flips
door 225 is open after 9 door flips
door 226 is closed after 4 door flips
door 227 is closed after 2 door flips
door 228 is closed after 12 door flips
door 229 is closed after 2 door flips
door 230 is closed after 8 door flips
door 231 is closed after 8 door flips
door 232 is closed after 8 door flips
door 233 is closed after 2 door flips
door 234 is closed after 12 door flips
door 235 is closed after 4 door flips
door 236 is closed after 6 door flips
door 237 is closed after 4 door flips
door 238 is closed after 8 door flips
door 239 is closed after 2 door flips
door 240 is closed after 20 door flips
door 241 is closed after 2 door flips
door 242 is closed after 6 door flips
door 243 is closed after 6 door flips
door 244 is closed after 6 door flips
door 245 is closed after 6 door flips
door 246 is closed after 8 door flips
door 247 is closed after 4 door flips
door 248 is closed after 8 door flips
door 249 is closed after 4 door flips
door 250 is closed after 8 door flips
door 251 is closed after 2 door flips
door 252 is closed after 18 door flips
door 253 is closed after 4 door flips
door 254 is closed after 4 door flips
door 255 is closed after 8 door flips
door 256 is open after 9 door flips
door 257 is closed after 2 door flips
door 258 is closed after 8 door flips
door 259 is closed after 4 door flips
door 260 is closed after 12 door flips
door 261 is closed after 6 door flips
door 262 is closed after 4 door flips
door 263 is closed after 2 door flips
door 264 is closed after 16 door flips
door 265 is closed after 4 door flips
door 266 is closed after 8 door flips
door 267 is closed after 4 door flips
door 268 is closed after 6 door flips
door 269 is closed after 2 door flips
door 270 is closed after 16 door flips
door 271 is closed after 2 door flips
door 272 is closed after 10 door flips
door 273 is closed after 8 door flips
door 274 is closed after 4 door flips
door 275 is closed after 6 door flips
door 276 is closed after 12 door flips
door 277 is closed after 2 door flips
door 278 is closed after 4 door flips
door 279 is closed after 6 door flips
door 280 is closed after 16 door flips
door 281 is closed after 2 door flips
door 282 is closed after 8 door flips
door 283 is closed after 2 door flips
door 284 is closed after 6 door flips
door 285 is closed after 8 door flips
door 286 is closed after 8 door flips
door 287 is closed after 4 door flips
door 288 is closed after 18 door flips
door 289 is open after 3 door flips
door 290 is closed after 8 door flips
door 291 is closed after 4 door flips
door 292 is closed after 6 door flips
door 293 is closed after 2 door flips
door 294 is closed after 12 door flips
door 295 is closed after 4 door flips
door 296 is closed after 8 door flips
door 297 is closed after 8 door flips
door 298 is closed after 4 door flips
door 299 is closed after 4 door flips
door 300 is closed after 18 door flips
door 301 is closed after 4 door flips
door 302 is closed after 4 door flips
door 303 is closed after 4 door flips
door 304 is closed after 10 door flips
door 305 is closed after 4 door flips
door 306 is closed after 12 door flips
door 307 is closed after 2 door flips
door 308 is closed after 12 door flips
door 309 is closed after 4 door flips
door 310 is closed after 8 door flips
door 311 is closed after 2 door flips
door 312 is closed after 16 door flips
door 313 is closed after 2 door flips
door 314 is closed after 4 door flips
door 315 is closed after 12 door flips
door 316 is closed after 6 door flips
door 317 is closed after 2 door flips
door 318 is closed after 8 door flips
door 319 is closed after 4 door flips
door 320 is closed after 14 door flips
door 321 is closed after 4 door flips
door 322 is closed after 8 door flips
door 323 is closed after 4 door flips
door 324 is open after 15 door flips
door 325 is closed after 6 door flips
door 326 is closed after 4 door flips
door 327 is closed after 4 door flips
door 328 is closed after 8 door flips
door 329 is closed after 4 door flips
door 330 is closed after 16 door flips
door 331 is closed after 2 door flips
door 332 is closed after 6 door flips
door 333 is closed after 6 door flips
door 334 is closed after 4 door flips
door 335 is closed after 4 door flips
door 336 is closed after 20 door flips
door 337 is closed after 2 door flips
door 338 is closed after 6 door flips
door 339 is closed after 4 door flips
door 340 is closed after 12 door flips
door 341 is closed after 4 door flips
door 342 is closed after 12 door flips
door 343 is closed after 4 door flips
door 344 is closed after 8 door flips
door 345 is closed after 8 door flips
door 346 is closed after 4 door flips
door 347 is closed after 2 door flips
door 348 is closed after 12 door flips
door 349 is closed after 2 door flips
door 350 is closed after 12 door flips
door 351 is closed after 8 door flips
door 352 is closed after 12 door flips
door 353 is closed after 2 door flips
door 354 is closed after 8 door flips
door 355 is closed after 4 door flips
door 356 is closed after 6 door flips
door 357 is closed after 8 door flips
door 358 is closed after 4 door flips
door 359 is closed after 2 door flips
door 360 is closed after 24 door flips
door 361 is open after 3 door flips
door 362 is closed after 4 door flips
door 363 is closed after 6 door flips
door 364 is closed after 12 door flips
door 365 is closed after 4 door flips
door 366 is closed after 8 door flips
door 367 is closed after 2 door flips
door 368 is closed after 10 door flips
door 369 is closed after 6 door flips
door 370 is closed after 8 door flips
door 371 is closed after 4 door flips
door 372 is closed after 12 door flips
door 373 is closed after 2 door flips
door 374 is closed after 8 door flips
door 375 is closed after 8 door flips
door 376 is closed after 8 door flips
door 377 is closed after 4 door flips
door 378 is closed after 16 door flips
door 379 is closed after 2 door flips
door 380 is closed after 12 door flips
door 381 is closed after 4 door flips
door 382 is closed after 4 door flips
door 383 is closed after 2 door flips
door 384 is closed after 16 door flips
door 385 is closed after 8 door flips
door 386 is closed after 4 door flips
door 387 is closed after 6 door flips
door 388 is closed after 6 door flips
door 389 is closed after 2 door flips
door 390 is closed after 16 door flips
door 391 is closed after 4 door flips
door 392 is closed after 12 door flips
door 393 is closed after 4 door flips
door 394 is closed after 4 door flips
door 395 is closed after 4 door flips
door 396 is closed after 18 door flips
door 397 is closed after 2 door flips
door 398 is closed after 4 door flips
door 399 is closed after 8 door flips
door 400 is open after 15 door flips
door 401 is closed after 2 door flips
door 402 is closed after 8 door flips
door 403 is closed after 4 door flips
door 404 is closed after 6 door flips
door 405 is closed after 10 door flips
door 406 is closed after 8 door flips
door 407 is closed after 4 door flips
door 408 is closed after 16 door flips
door 409 is closed after 2 door flips
door 410 is closed after 8 door flips
door 411 is closed after 4 door flips
door 412 is closed after 6 door flips
door 413 is closed after 4 door flips
door 414 is closed after 12 door flips
door 415 is closed after 4 door flips
door 416 is closed after 12 door flips
door 417 is closed after 4 door flips
door 418 is closed after 8 door flips
door 419 is closed after 2 door flips
door 420 is closed after 24 door flips
door 421 is closed after 2 door flips
door 422 is closed after 4 door flips
door 423 is closed after 6 door flips
door 424 is closed after 8 door flips
door 425 is closed after 6 door flips
door 426 is closed after 8 door flips
door 427 is closed after 4 door flips
door 428 is closed after 6 door flips
door 429 is closed after 8 door flips
door 430 is closed after 8 door flips
door 431 is closed after 2 door flips
door 432 is closed after 20 door flips
door 433 is closed after 2 door flips
door 434 is closed after 8 door flips
door 435 is closed after 8 door flips
door 436 is closed after 6 door flips
door 437 is closed after 4 door flips
door 438 is closed after 8 door flips
door 439 is closed after 2 door flips
door 440 is closed after 16 door flips
door 441 is open after 9 door flips
door 442 is closed after 8 door flips
door 443 is closed after 2 door flips
door 444 is closed after 12 door flips
door 445 is closed after 4 door flips
door 446 is closed after 4 door flips
door 447 is closed after 4 door flips
door 448 is closed after 14 door flips
door 449 is closed after 2 door flips
door 450 is closed after 18 door flips
door 451 is closed after 4 door flips
door 452 is closed after 6 door flips
door 453 is closed after 4 door flips
door 454 is closed after 4 door flips
door 455 is closed after 8 door flips
door 456 is closed after 16 door flips
door 457 is closed after 2 door flips
door 458 is closed after 4 door flips
door 459 is closed after 8 door flips
door 460 is closed after 12 door flips
door 461 is closed after 2 door flips
door 462 is closed after 16 door flips
door 463 is closed after 2 door flips
door 464 is closed after 10 door flips
door 465 is closed after 8 door flips
door 466 is closed after 4 door flips
door 467 is closed after 2 door flips
door 468 is closed after 18 door flips
door 469 is closed after 4 door flips
door 470 is closed after 8 door flips
door 471 is closed after 4 door flips
door 472 is closed after 8 door flips
door 473 is closed after 4 door flips
door 474 is closed after 8 door flips
door 475 is closed after 6 door flips
door 476 is closed after 12 door flips
door 477 is closed after 6 door flips
door 478 is closed after 4 door flips
door 479 is closed after 2 door flips
door 480 is closed after 24 door flips
door 481 is closed after 4 door flips
door 482 is closed after 4 door flips
door 483 is closed after 8 door flips
door 484 is open after 9 door flips
door 485 is closed after 4 door flips
door 486 is closed after 12 door flips
door 487 is closed after 2 door flips
door 488 is closed after 8 door flips
door 489 is closed after 4 door flips
door 490 is closed after 12 door flips
door 491 is closed after 2 door flips
door 492 is closed after 12 door flips
door 493 is closed after 4 door flips
door 494 is closed after 8 door flips
door 495 is closed after 12 door flips
door 496 is closed after 10 door flips
door 497 is closed after 4 door flips
door 498 is closed after 8 door flips
door 499 is closed after 2 door flips
door 500 is closed after 12 door flips
door 501 is closed after 4 door flips
door 502 is closed after 4 door flips
door 503 is closed after 2 door flips
door 504 is closed after 24 door flips
door 505 is closed after 4 door flips
door 506 is closed after 8 door flips
door 507 is closed after 6 door flips
door 508 is closed after 6 door flips
door 509 is closed after 2 door flips
door 510 is closed after 16 door flips
door 511 is closed after 4 door flips
door 512 is closed after 10 door flips
door 513 is closed after 8 door flips
door 514 is closed after 4 door flips
door 515 is closed after 4 door flips
door 516 is closed after 12 door flips
door 517 is closed after 4 door flips
door 518 is closed after 8 door flips
door 519 is closed after 4 door flips
door 520 is closed after 16 door flips
door 521 is closed after 2 door flips
door 522 is closed after 12 door flips
door 523 is closed after 2 door flips
door 524 is closed after 6 door flips
door 525 is closed after 12 door flips
door 526 is closed after 4 door flips
door 527 is closed after 4 door flips
door 528 is closed after 20 door flips
door 529 is open after 3 door flips
door 530 is closed after 8 door flips
door 531 is closed after 6 door flips
door 532 is closed after 12 door flips
door 533 is closed after 4 door flips
door 534 is closed after 8 door flips
door 535 is closed after 4 door flips
door 536 is closed after 8 door flips
door 537 is closed after 4 door flips
door 538 is closed after 4 door flips
door 539 is closed after 6 door flips
door 540 is closed after 24 door flips
door 541 is closed after 2 door flips
door 542 is closed after 4 door flips
door 543 is closed after 4 door flips
door 544 is closed after 12 door flips
door 545 is closed after 4 door flips
door 546 is closed after 16 door flips
door 547 is closed after 2 door flips
door 548 is closed after 6 door flips
door 549 is closed after 6 door flips
door 550 is closed after 12 door flips
door 551 is closed after 4 door flips
door 552 is closed after 16 door flips
door 553 is closed after 4 door flips
door 554 is closed after 4 door flips
door 555 is closed after 8 door flips
door 556 is closed after 6 door flips
door 557 is closed after 2 door flips
door 558 is closed after 12 door flips
door 559 is closed after 4 door flips
door 560 is closed after 20 door flips
door 561 is closed after 8 door flips
door 562 is closed after 4 door flips
door 563 is closed after 2 door flips
door 564 is closed after 12 door flips
door 565 is closed after 4 door flips
door 566 is closed after 4 door flips
door 567 is closed after 10 door flips
door 568 is closed after 8 door flips
door 569 is closed after 2 door flips
door 570 is closed after 16 door flips
door 571 is closed after 2 door flips
door 572 is closed after 12 door flips
door 573 is closed after 4 door flips
door 574 is closed after 8 door flips
door 575 is closed after 6 door flips
door 576 is open after 21 door flips
door 577 is closed after 2 door flips
door 578 is closed after 6 door flips
door 579 is closed after 4 door flips
door 580 is closed after 12 door flips
door 581 is closed after 4 door flips
door 582 is closed after 8 door flips
door 583 is closed after 4 door flips
door 584 is closed after 8 door flips
door 585 is closed after 12 door flips
door 586 is closed after 4 door flips
door 587 is closed after 2 door flips
door 588 is closed after 18 door flips
door 589 is closed after 4 door flips
door 590 is closed after 8 door flips
door 591 is closed after 4 door flips
door 592 is closed after 10 door flips
door 593 is closed after 2 door flips
door 594 is closed after 16 door flips
door 595 is closed after 8 door flips
door 596 is closed after 6 door flips
door 597 is closed after 4 door flips
door 598 is closed after 8 door flips
door 599 is closed after 2 door flips
door 600 is closed after 24 door flips
door 601 is closed after 2 door flips
door 602 is closed after 8 door flips
door 603 is closed after 6 door flips
door 604 is closed after 6 door flips
door 605 is closed after 6 door flips
door 606 is closed after 8 door flips
door 607 is closed after 2 door flips
door 608 is closed after 12 door flips
door 609 is closed after 8 door flips
door 610 is closed after 8 door flips
door 611 is closed after 4 door flips
door 612 is closed after 18 door flips
door 613 is closed after 2 door flips
door 614 is closed after 4 door flips
door 615 is closed after 8 door flips
door 616 is closed after 16 door flips
door 617 is closed after 2 door flips
door 618 is closed after 8 door flips
door 619 is closed after 2 door flips
door 620 is closed after 12 door flips
door 621 is closed after 8 door flips
door 622 is closed after 4 door flips
door 623 is closed after 4 door flips
door 624 is closed after 20 door flips
door 625 is open after 5 door flips
door 626 is closed after 4 door flips
door 627 is closed after 8 door flips
door 628 is closed after 6 door flips
door 629 is closed after 4 door flips
door 630 is closed after 24 door flips
door 631 is closed after 2 door flips
door 632 is closed after 8 door flips
door 633 is closed after 4 door flips
door 634 is closed after 4 door flips
door 635 is closed after 4 door flips
door 636 is closed after 12 door flips
door 637 is closed after 6 door flips
door 638 is closed after 8 door flips
door 639 is closed after 6 door flips
door 640 is closed after 16 door flips
door 641 is closed after 2 door flips
door 642 is closed after 8 door flips
door 643 is closed after 2 door flips
door 644 is closed after 12 door flips
door 645 is closed after 8 door flips
door 646 is closed after 8 door flips
door 647 is closed after 2 door flips
door 648 is closed after 20 door flips
door 649 is closed after 4 door flips
door 650 is closed after 12 door flips
door 651 is closed after 8 door flips
door 652 is closed after 6 door flips
door 653 is closed after 2 door flips
door 654 is closed after 8 door flips
door 655 is closed after 4 door flips
door 656 is closed after 10 door flips
door 657 is closed after 6 door flips
door 658 is closed after 8 door flips
door 659 is closed after 2 door flips
door 660 is closed after 24 door flips
door 661 is closed after 2 door flips
door 662 is closed after 4 door flips
door 663 is closed after 8 door flips
door 664 is closed after 8 door flips
door 665 is closed after 8 door flips
door 666 is closed after 12 door flips
door 667 is closed after 4 door flips
door 668 is closed after 6 door flips
door 669 is closed after 4 door flips
door 670 is closed after 8 door flips
door 671 is closed after 4 door flips
door 672 is closed after 24 door flips
door 673 is closed after 2 door flips
door 674 is closed after 4 door flips
door 675 is closed after 12 door flips
door 676 is open after 9 door flips
door 677 is closed after 2 door flips
door 678 is closed after 8 door flips
door 679 is closed after 4 door flips
door 680 is closed after 16 door flips
door 681 is closed after 4 door flips
door 682 is closed after 8 door flips
door 683 is closed after 2 door flips
door 684 is closed after 18 door flips
door 685 is closed after 4 door flips
door 686 is closed after 8 door flips
door 687 is closed after 4 door flips
door 688 is closed after 10 door flips
door 689 is closed after 4 door flips
door 690 is closed after 16 door flips
door 691 is closed after 2 door flips
door 692 is closed after 6 door flips
door 693 is closed after 12 door flips
door 694 is closed after 4 door flips
door 695 is closed after 4 door flips
door 696 is closed after 16 door flips
door 697 is closed after 4 door flips
door 698 is closed after 4 door flips
door 699 is closed after 4 door flips
door 700 is closed after 18 door flips
door 701 is closed after 2 door flips
door 702 is closed after 16 door flips
door 703 is closed after 4 door flips
door 704 is closed after 14 door flips
door 705 is closed after 8 door flips
door 706 is closed after 4 door flips
door 707 is closed after 4 door flips
door 708 is closed after 12 door flips
door 709 is closed after 2 door flips
door 710 is closed after 8 door flips
door 711 is closed after 6 door flips
door 712 is closed after 8 door flips
door 713 is closed after 4 door flips
door 714 is closed after 16 door flips
door 715 is closed after 8 door flips
door 716 is closed after 6 door flips
door 717 is closed after 4 door flips
door 718 is closed after 4 door flips
door 719 is closed after 2 door flips
door 720 is closed after 30 door flips
door 721 is closed after 4 door flips
door 722 is closed after 6 door flips
door 723 is closed after 4 door flips
door 724 is closed after 6 door flips
door 725 is closed after 6 door flips
door 726 is closed after 12 door flips
door 727 is closed after 2 door flips
door 728 is closed after 16 door flips
door 729 is open after 7 door flips
door 730 is closed after 8 door flips
door 731 is closed after 4 door flips
door 732 is closed after 12 door flips
door 733 is closed after 2 door flips
door 734 is closed after 4 door flips
door 735 is closed after 12 door flips
door 736 is closed after 12 door flips
door 737 is closed after 4 door flips
door 738 is closed after 12 door flips
door 739 is closed after 2 door flips
door 740 is closed after 12 door flips
door 741 is closed after 8 door flips
door 742 is closed after 8 door flips
door 743 is closed after 2 door flips
door 744 is closed after 16 door flips
door 745 is closed after 4 door flips
door 746 is closed after 4 door flips
door 747 is closed after 6 door flips
door 748 is closed after 12 door flips
door 749 is closed after 4 door flips
door 750 is closed after 16 door flips
door 751 is closed after 2 door flips
door 752 is closed after 10 door flips
door 753 is closed after 4 door flips
door 754 is closed after 8 door flips
door 755 is closed after 4 door flips
door 756 is closed after 24 door flips
door 757 is closed after 2 door flips
door 758 is closed after 4 door flips
door 759 is closed after 8 door flips
door 760 is closed after 16 door flips
door 761 is closed after 2 door flips
door 762 is closed after 8 door flips
door 763 is closed after 4 door flips
door 764 is closed after 6 door flips
door 765 is closed after 12 door flips
door 766 is closed after 4 door flips
door 767 is closed after 4 door flips
door 768 is closed after 18 door flips
door 769 is closed after 2 door flips
door 770 is closed after 16 door flips
door 771 is closed after 4 door flips
door 772 is closed after 6 door flips
door 773 is closed after 2 door flips
door 774 is closed after 12 door flips
door 775 is closed after 6 door flips
door 776 is closed after 8 door flips
door 777 is closed after 8 door flips
door 778 is closed after 4 door flips
door 779 is closed after 4 door flips
door 780 is closed after 24 door flips
door 781 is closed after 4 door flips
door 782 is closed after 8 door flips
door 783 is closed after 8 door flips
door 784 is open after 15 door flips
door 785 is closed after 4 door flips
door 786 is closed after 8 door flips
door 787 is closed after 2 door flips
door 788 is closed after 6 door flips
door 789 is closed after 4 door flips
door 790 is closed after 8 door flips
door 791 is closed after 4 door flips
door 792 is closed after 24 door flips
door 793 is closed after 4 door flips
door 794 is closed after 4 door flips
door 795 is closed after 8 door flips
door 796 is closed after 6 door flips
door 797 is closed after 2 door flips
door 798 is closed after 16 door flips
door 799 is closed after 4 door flips
door 800 is closed after 18 door flips
door 801 is closed after 6 door flips
door 802 is closed after 4 door flips
door 803 is closed after 4 door flips
door 804 is closed after 12 door flips
door 805 is closed after 8 door flips
door 806 is closed after 8 door flips
door 807 is closed after 4 door flips
door 808 is closed after 8 door flips
door 809 is closed after 2 door flips
door 810 is closed after 20 door flips
door 811 is closed after 2 door flips
door 812 is closed after 12 door flips
door 813 is closed after 4 door flips
door 814 is closed after 8 door flips
door 815 is closed after 4 door flips
door 816 is closed after 20 door flips
door 817 is closed after 4 door flips
door 818 is closed after 4 door flips
door 819 is closed after 12 door flips
door 820 is closed after 12 door flips
door 821 is closed after 2 door flips
door 822 is closed after 8 door flips
door 823 is closed after 2 door flips
door 824 is closed after 8 door flips
door 825 is closed after 12 door flips
door 826 is closed after 8 door flips
door 827 is closed after 2 door flips
door 828 is closed after 18 door flips
door 829 is closed after 2 door flips
door 830 is closed after 8 door flips
door 831 is closed after 4 door flips
door 832 is closed after 14 door flips
door 833 is closed after 6 door flips
door 834 is closed after 8 door flips
door 835 is closed after 4 door flips
door 836 is closed after 12 door flips
door 837 is closed after 8 door flips
door 838 is closed after 4 door flips
door 839 is closed after 2 door flips
door 840 is closed after 32 door flips
door 841 is open after 3 door flips
door 842 is closed after 4 door flips
door 843 is closed after 4 door flips
door 844 is closed after 6 door flips
door 845 is closed after 6 door flips
door 846 is closed after 12 door flips
door 847 is closed after 6 door flips
door 848 is closed after 10 door flips
door 849 is closed after 4 door flips
door 850 is closed after 12 door flips
door 851 is closed after 4 door flips
door 852 is closed after 12 door flips
door 853 is closed after 2 door flips
door 854 is closed after 8 door flips
door 855 is closed after 12 door flips
door 856 is closed after 8 door flips
door 857 is closed after 2 door flips
door 858 is closed after 16 door flips
door 859 is closed after 2 door flips
door 860 is closed after 12 door flips
door 861 is closed after 8 door flips
door 862 is closed after 4 door flips
door 863 is closed after 2 door flips
door 864 is closed after 24 door flips
door 865 is closed after 4 door flips
door 866 is closed after 4 door flips
door 867 is closed after 6 door flips
door 868 is closed after 12 door flips
door 869 is closed after 4 door flips
door 870 is closed after 16 door flips
door 871 is closed after 4 door flips
door 872 is closed after 8 door flips
door 873 is closed after 6 door flips
door 874 is closed after 8 door flips
door 875 is closed after 8 door flips
door 876 is closed after 12 door flips
door 877 is closed after 2 door flips
door 878 is closed after 4 door flips
door 879 is closed after 4 door flips
door 880 is closed after 20 door flips
door 881 is closed after 2 door flips
door 882 is closed after 18 door flips
door 883 is closed after 2 door flips
door 884 is closed after 12 door flips
door 885 is closed after 8 door flips
door 886 is closed after 4 door flips
door 887 is closed after 2 door flips
door 888 is closed after 16 door flips
door 889 is closed after 4 door flips
door 890 is closed after 8 door flips
door 891 is closed after 10 door flips
door 892 is closed after 6 door flips
door 893 is closed after 4 door flips
door 894 is closed after 8 door flips
door 895 is closed after 4 door flips
door 896 is closed after 16 door flips
door 897 is closed after 8 door flips
door 898 is closed after 4 door flips
door 899 is closed after 4 door flips
door 900 is open after 27 door flips
door 901 is closed after 4 door flips
door 902 is closed after 8 door flips
door 903 is closed after 8 door flips
door 904 is closed after 8 door flips
door 905 is closed after 4 door flips
door 906 is closed after 8 door flips
door 907 is closed after 2 door flips
door 908 is closed after 6 door flips
door 909 is closed after 6 door flips
door 910 is closed after 16 door flips
door 911 is closed after 2 door flips
door 912 is closed after 20 door flips
door 913 is closed after 4 door flips
door 914 is closed after 4 door flips
door 915 is closed after 8 door flips
door 916 is closed after 6 door flips
door 917 is closed after 4 door flips
door 918 is closed after 16 door flips
door 919 is closed after 2 door flips
door 920 is closed after 16 door flips
door 921 is closed after 4 door flips
door 922 is closed after 4 door flips
door 923 is closed after 4 door flips
door 924 is closed after 24 door flips
door 925 is closed after 6 door flips
door 926 is closed after 4 door flips
door 927 is closed after 6 door flips
door 928 is closed after 12 door flips
door 929 is closed after 2 door flips
door 930 is closed after 16 door flips
door 931 is closed after 6 door flips
door 932 is closed after 6 door flips
door 933 is closed after 4 door flips
door 934 is closed after 4 door flips
door 935 is closed after 8 door flips
door 936 is closed after 24 door flips
door 937 is closed after 2 door flips
door 938 is closed after 8 door flips
door 939 is closed after 4 door flips
door 940 is closed after 12 door flips
door 941 is closed after 2 door flips
door 942 is closed after 8 door flips
door 943 is closed after 4 door flips
door 944 is closed after 10 door flips
door 945 is closed after 16 door flips
door 946 is closed after 8 door flips
door 947 is closed after 2 door flips
door 948 is closed after 12 door flips
door 949 is closed after 4 door flips
door 950 is closed after 12 door flips
door 951 is closed after 4 door flips
door 952 is closed after 16 door flips
door 953 is closed after 2 door flips
door 954 is closed after 12 door flips
door 955 is closed after 4 door flips
door 956 is closed after 6 door flips
door 957 is closed after 8 door flips
door 958 is closed after 4 door flips
door 959 is closed after 4 door flips
door 960 is closed after 28 door flips
door 961 is open after 3 door flips
door 962 is closed after 8 door flips
door 963 is closed after 6 door flips
door 964 is closed after 6 door flips
door 965 is closed after 4 door flips
door 966 is closed after 16 door flips
door 967 is closed after 2 door flips
door 968 is closed after 12 door flips
door 969 is closed after 8 door flips
door 970 is closed after 8 door flips
door 971 is closed after 2 door flips
door 972 is closed after 18 door flips
door 973 is closed after 4 door flips
door 974 is closed after 4 door flips
door 975 is closed after 12 door flips
door 976 is closed after 10 door flips
door 977 is closed after 2 door flips
door 978 is closed after 8 door flips
door 979 is closed after 4 door flips
door 980 is closed after 18 door flips
door 981 is closed after 6 door flips
door 982 is closed after 4 door flips
door 983 is closed after 2 door flips
door 984 is closed after 16 door flips
door 985 is closed after 4 door flips
door 986 is closed after 8 door flips
door 987 is closed after 8 door flips
door 988 is closed after 12 door flips
door 989 is closed after 4 door flips
door 990 is closed after 24 door flips
door 991 is closed after 2 door flips
door 992 is closed after 12 door flips
door 993 is closed after 4 door flips
door 994 is closed after 8 door flips
door 995 is closed after 4 door flips
door 996 is closed after 12 door flips
door 997 is closed after 2 door flips
door 998 is closed after 4 door flips
door 999 is closed after 8 door flips
